Various Fixes (#53)
CHIP-SPV/chip-spv: README.md

mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -DLLVM_ENABLE_PROJECTS="clang;openmp" \ # openmp is optional
  -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=${LLVM_INSTALL_DIR} \

>   -DLLVM_TARGETS_TO_BUILD=X86 # Also optional, but if "All" is selected, potential issues can arise. Furthermore, speeds up compilation time if limited to just the architectures you actually use. Possible values: AArch64, AMDGPU, ARM, AVR, BPF, Hexagon, Lanai, Mips, MSP430, NVPTX, PowerPC, RISCV, Sparc, SystemZ, VE, WebAssembly, X86, XCore

Reviewer: You probably meant that users build the LLVM with a host target.
```suggestion
  -DLLVM_TARGETS_TO_BUILD=host # Also optional, but if "All" is selected, potential issues can arise. Furthermore, speeds up compilation time if limited to just the architectures you actually use.
```
What also should speed up the LLVM build is to the `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release` option. The `Debug` option is default build type for LLVM 14.
